I was just very unhappy because I
couldn't lose weight I used to bike lot
when I was younger and just being active
and I was just desperate I didn't have
the motivation I didn't have the
strength I couldn't walk anymore I had
my daughter and I would just stay inside
the house with her watching TV and I
felt I really don't want this life I
want her to move I want her to bike
outside I want her to run outside at the
park I wanted her to be proud of her
mother and I decided to kind of bring it
up casually to my partner and at first
he wasn't too happy about it eventually
I convinced everybody in my family to
support me the way that they put
everything together here the dietician
the psychologist the team that they put
together it's not just a surgery I think
that's what made me so successful in my
weight loss hi I knew what was gonna
happen I knew the feelings I was going
to have the support group was wonderful
i I just I went at it and I just started
doing really good with my diet and just
exercising and becoming very active how
great I lost weight which enable me to
do things physically but now I realize
that it's a mental thing to it's just it
you're not only working out yourself
you're just working out your brain and
you're making yourself stronger and now
I I just feel so proud of gold this is
my daughter and and I look the way I
look and she's beautiful and we're out
here riding our bikes and we're out here
swimming but what's changed is that I
want to do things with her and I don't
mind being seen in public with her
I was always so embarrassed it's enabled
me to not care and do things and enjoy
her before I was just so self-conscious
about myself
you